siege_rainstorm checkpoint
//buhriz_rainstorm checkpoint
de_train_csgo_pb2 checkpoint
ins_mountain_escape_v1_2 checkpoint

buhriz_coop checkpoint
district_coop checkpoint
embassy_coop checkpoint
heights_coop checkpoint
market_coop checkpoint
ministry_coop checkpoint
revolt_coop checkpoint
siege_coop checkpoint
sinjar_coop checkpoint
tell_coop checkpoint
verticality_coop checkpoint

point_blank checkpoint
ins_chinatown checkpoint
karkar_b10 checkpoint
de_aztec_coop checkpoint
payback checkpoint
facilityb2_coop_v1_1 checkpoint
//winter_rescue_v1 checkpoint
karkand_redux_p2 checkpoint
mountain_lake_coopv1_1 checkpoint
//l4d_garage01_alleys_b2 checkpoint
//doi_metz checkpoint
dust2_checkpoint_b8 checkpoint
launch_control_coop_ws checkpoint
Estates_b4 checkpoint
//Panama_Canal checkpoint
baghdad_b5 checkpoint
//doi_landfall checkpoint
cs_italy_coop checkpoint
//l4d_airport_terminal_b3 checkpoint
doi_resistance checkpoint
crossbow checkpoint
abdallah_b1 checkpoint
badlands_b1 checkpoint
badlands_night_b1 checkpoint
doi_bridgeatremagen checkpoint
anbar_coop checkpoint
prospect_coop_b6 checkpoint
station_ws checkpoint
inferno_checkpoint_b2 checkpoint
zagros_convoy_b5 checkpoint
//l4d_mercy_hospital_b5 checkpoint
warehouse_coopv3b4 checkpoint
doi_ps7 checkpoint
khanashin_b8 checkpoint
//haditha_b2 checkpoint 
jail_break_coop_ws checkpoint
nomercy_coopv1 checkpoint
oms_corridor_coopb3 checkpoint
doi_iron_cross checkpoint
khanashin_b8_night checkpoint
convoy_coopv1 checkpoint
cs_workout_v1 checkpoint
de_vertigo_coop checkpoint
miransh_alpha checkpoint
the_burbs_coop checkpoint
bunker_busting_coop_ws checkpoint
block_party_coop_ws  checkpoint
bunker_busting_coop_ws checkpoint
amber_spirits_coop checkpoint
hurtlocker_coopv2hc checkpoint
//hijacked_ws checkpoint
jack_hammer_coopv1_2 checkpoint
szepezd_b3_coopv1_2 checkpoint
inferno_checkpoint_b2 checkpoint
tunnel_rats_coop_ws checkpoint
fortress_coop_ws checkpoint
//kandagal_coop_b5 checkpoint
de_vertigo_coop checkpoint
baghdad_b5 checkpoint
//karkand_coop checkpoint
osama_b2_checkpoint checkpoint

